Release 3.2.0 (#289)
eclipsesource/jsonforms2-website: content/news/2024-01-24-jsonforms-3-2-0.md

---
slug: jsonforms-3-2-0
title: JSON Forms 3.2.0
author: JSON Forms
author_title: Twitter
author_url: https://twitter.com/jsonforms
author_image_url: /img/logo.svg
---

> We released v3.2.0 🎉. Besides various fixes and improved developer tooling, this release adds middleware support to all bindings. This makes it a breeze to hook into data updates!
> 
> With this release, the Angular core and material renderer set finally are up to date again supporting Angular 16 and 17. Special thanks to [JBBianchi](https://github.com/JBBianchi) for contributing this massive upgrade.
> 
> You can find the full changelog in the [Github release](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms/releases/tag/v3.2.0).
> 
> We welcome any feedback of curious users. Any questions? Check out our [community forum](http://jsonforms.discourse.group).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We released v3.2.0 🎉. Besides various fixes and improved developer tooling, this release adds middleware support to all bindings. This makes it a breeze to hook into data updates!

With this release, the Angular bindings and Angular Material renderer set now support Angular 16 and 17. Special thanks to [JBBianchi](https://github.com/JBBianchi) for contributing this massive upgrade.

You can find the full changelog in the [Github release](https://github.com/eclipsesource/jsonforms/releases/tag/v3.2.0).

We welcome any feedback of curious users. Any questions? Check out our [community forum](http://jsonforms.discourse.group).
```
